PRIVACY POLICY
FlyBot operates the FlyBot Discord bot
This page informs you of our policies regarding collecting, using, and disclosing personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information under this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions
Definitions
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and how any personal information is processed. For this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)

Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User)

Data Subject is any living individual using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally, identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
Your IP Address

Use of Data
FlyBot uses the collected data for various purposes:

To provide and maintain our Service

To notify you about changes to our Service

To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so

To provide customer support

To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service.

To monitor the usage of our Service

To detect, prevent and address technical issues

To provide you with news, special offers, and general information about other goods, services, and events that we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information.

Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), FlyBot legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.

FlyBot may process your Personal Data because:

We need to perform a contract with you

You have permitted us to do so

The processing is in our legitimate interests, and your rights do not override it.

For payment processing purposes

To comply with the law Retention of Data

FlyBot will retain your Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

FlyBot will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period, except when this data will be used to strengthen the security or improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for more extended periods.

Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers outside your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
FlyBot will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and under this Privacy Policy, and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place, including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Legal Requirements

FlyBot may disclose your Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of FlyBot
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Disclosure of Data
If you are a European Economic Area (EEA) resident, you have certain data protection rights. FlyBot aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit your personal data use.

Please get in touch with us if you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it removed from our systems.

In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you cannot perform these actions yourself, please get in touch with us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data. The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable, and commonly used format.
The right to data portability. You also have the right to withdraw your consent anytime FlyBot relies on your support to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. " You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. Please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA) for more information.
Service Providers

Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about our Terms, please contact us by email: Flyboy@gmail.com
